intersphinx: Handle the case where intersphinx_cache_limit is negative (#12514)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

* #12494: Fix invalid genindex.html file produced with translated docs
  (regression in 7.1.0).
  Patch by Nicolas Peugnet.

> * #12514: intersphinx: Handle the case where ``intersphinx_cache_limit`` is
>   negative, ensure that it behaves as documented.
>   Patch by Shengyu Zhang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #12514: intersphinx: fix the meaning of a negative
  value for :confval:`intersphinx_cache_limit`.
  Patch by Shengyu Zhang.
```
